Oh, Drake.
I'm sorry,
Amber.
It's just like Brad to have
to have the last word.
I'M SORRY I'M LATE.
WE JUST WANT
TO SEE THE END.
I want you, Drake.
I know you do.
But you and I can never
be together that way.
What?
There's something I never
told you, Amber.
I'm actually...
your half brother.
( gasping )
SO WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
WELL, I GET THE MEDICAL AWARD
FOR SEPARATING
THE SIAMESE TWINS.
THEN AMBER AND I GO
TO VENEZUELA
TO MEET OUR OTHER
HALF BROTHER, RAMON.
AND THAT'S WHERE I FIND
THE WORLD'S BIGGEST EMERALD.
IT'S REALLY BIG...
BUT IT'S CURSED.
THAT'S SO COOL.
GOD, THAT IS GOOD TV.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
PHEEBS, PLAY WITH ME.
NO.
THIS GAME
IS GROTESQUE.
20 ARMLESS GUYS JOINED
AT THE WAIST BY A STEEL BAR.
FORCED TO PLAY
SOCCER FOREVER?
HELLO? HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATION.
DON'T FEEL
SO BAD FOR THEM.
AFTER THEY'RE DONE PLAYING
I BREAK OUT THE LITTLE
PLASTIC WOMEN
AND EVERYBODY HAS
A PRETTY GOOD TIME.
WHY DON'T YOU PLAY
WITH YOUR ROOMMATE?
HE'S, UH...
HE'S NOT A BIG FAN
OF FOOSBALL.
UH-OH. ARE WE NOT
GETTING ALONG
WITH THE NEW BOY?
HE'S ALL RIGHT.
HE SPENDS MOST
OF HIS TIME IN HIS ROOM.
MAYBE THAT'S BECAUSE
YOU HAVEN'T TAKEN TIME
TO GET TO KNOW HIM.
LET'S REMEDY THAT,
SHALL WE?
WE DON'T NEED
TO REMEDY THAT.
YEAH, IT'LL BE FUN.
WHAT WAS THAT?
HI. I THOUGHT IT WOULD
BE FUN IF THE THREE OF US
HAD SOME BEERS AND GOT
TO KNOW EACH OTHER.
THAT SOUNDS ALL RIGHT.
GOOD. OKAY.
OH, NO, I HAVE TO GO
BECAUSE I'M LATE
FOR MY, UM...
GREEN EGGS AND HAM
DISCUSSION GROUP.
TONIGHT IT'S
WHY HE WOULD NOT
EAT THEM ON A TRAIN.
HAVE FUN. BYE.
THAT WAS SO LAME.
I KNOW, YEAH.
OKAY, TALK TO HIM.
SO YOU THINK THAT SPEED RACER
GUY GETS A LOT OF TICKETS OR..?
THAT'S GOOD. THAT'S GOOD.
SO WHO BROKE UP WITH WHO?
I BROKE UP WITH HER.
SHE ACTUALLY THOUGHT
THAT SEAN PENN
WAS THE CAPITAL
OF CAMBODIA.
THAT'S GOOD, MAN.
WHEN EVERYBODY KNOWS
THAT THE CAPITAL OF CAMBODIA...
IS, UH...
IT'S NOT SEAN PENN.
NOT SEAN PENN.
ALL RIGHT, I GOT
A FUNNY ONE.
MY LAST GIRLFRIEND, TILLY,
WE'RE EATING BREAKFAST.
I MADE ALL
THESE PANCAKES.
THERE WAS LIKE 50 PANCAKES.
ALL OF A SUDDEN, SHE TURNS
TO ME AND SAYS
"EDDIE, I DON'T WANT
TO SEE YOU ANYMORE."
IT WAS LITERALLY LIKE SHE
HAD REACHED INTO MY CHEST
RIPPED OUT MY HEART
AND SMEARED IT ALL OVER MY LIFE.
NOW THERE'S
LIKE THIS
INCREDIBLE ABYSS
AND I'M FALLING
AND I KEEP FALLING
AND I DON'T THINK I'M EVER
GOING TO STOP.
( manaical
laughter )
THAT WASN'T SUCH
A FUNNY STORY, WAS IT?
♪ AND A CRUSTY OLD MAN SAID
I'LL DO WHAT I CAN ♪
♪ AND THE REST OF THE RATS
PLAYED MARACAS. ♪
THAT'S IT. THANKS.
GOOD NIGHT.
PHOEBE'S GOT
ANOTHER JOB, RIGHT?
Rachel:
GREAT SET
TONIGHT, PHEEBS.
I KNOW.
WELL, WE SHOULD
PROBABLY GET GOING.
WE SHOULD GO TOO.
I'VE GOT PATIENTS
AT 8:00 IN THE MORNING.
YOU KNOW HOW WE ALWAYS
STAY AT YOUR APARTMENT?
I THOUGHT TONIGHT
WE'D STAY AT MY PLACE.
I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T HAVE MY JAMMIES.
WELL, MAYBE
YOU DON'T NEED THEM.
MY BABY SISTER,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
SHUT UP. I'M HAPPY.
OH, THIS IS
SO NICE.
ALL RIGHT, I HAVE
TO MAKE A SPEECH.
I JUST WANT TO SAY
THAT OF ALL THE GUYS
THAT MONICA'S BEEN WITH
AND THAT
IS A LOT
I LIKE YOU
THE BEST.
OH, THANK YOU,
PHEEBS.
THAT'S VERY SWEET.
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
SHE LIKES ME BEST.
AND APPARENTLY
THERE HAVE BEEN A LOT.
NOT A LOT.
PHOEBE'S KIDDING.
PHOEBE'S CRAZY.
PHOEBE'S DEAD.
( knocking )
HI.
I'M LOOKING FOR
EDDIE MANOACK.
HE'S NOT HERE RIGHT NOW.
I'M CHANDLER.
CAN I TAKE A MESSAGE
OR A FISH TANK?
THANKS.
COME ON IN.
I'M TILLY.
OH.
I GATHER BY THAT "OH,"
THAT HE TOLD YOU ABOUT ME.
YEAH, YOUR NAME CAME UP
IN A CONVERSATION
THAT TERRIFIED ME
TO MY VERY SOUL.
HE'S KIND OF INTENSE, HUH?
YES! HEY, CAN I ASK YOU,
IS EDDIE A LITTLE..?
A LITTLE WHAT?
BIT COUNTRY?
COME ON IN HERE, YOU ROOMIE.
HELLO, TILLY.
EDDIE, I JUST CAME BY
TO DROP OFF YOUR TANK.
THAT WAS VERY THOUGHTFUL
OF YOU.
IT WAS VERY THOUGHTFUL.
WELL, OKAY THEN.
I'M GOING TO GO.
BYE.
BYE-BYE.
SO WE GETTING A FISH?
YOU HAD SEX WITH HER,
DIDN'T YOU?
PHEEBS, CHECK IT OUT,
CHECK IT OUT, CHECK IT OUT.
OH, SOAP OPERA DIGEST.
THAT'S ONE OF MY
FAVORITE DIGESTS.
PAGE 42, PAGE 42.
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
"NEW DOG ON THE BLOCK.
DAYS OF OUR LIVES,
JOEY TRIBBIANI."
OOH, COOL PICTURE.
YEAH.
OOH, I LOOK GOOD.
HEY, IS THIS TRUE?
THAT YOU WRITE A LOT
OF YOUR OWN LINES?
WELL, KIND OF, YEAH.
LIKE REMEMBER LAST WEEK
WHEN ALEX WAS IN THE ACCIDENT?
THE LINE
IN THE SCRIPT WAS
"IF WE DON'T GET THIS
WOMAN TO A HOSPITAL
SHE'S GOING TO DIE."
BUT I MADE IT, "IF THIS WOMAN
DOESN'T GET TO A HOSPITAL
SHE'S NOT GOING TO LIVE."
SEE?
OH, OKAY, I SEE
WHAT YOU DID THERE.
AREN'T YOU AFRAID THOUGH
THAT THE WRITERS
ARE GOING TO BE KIND
OF MAD WHEN THEY READ THIS?
HUH. I NEVER REALLY
THOUGHT ABOUT THE WRITERS.
THE SCRIPTS JUST KIND
OF COME TO MY HOUSE.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
THIS MAKES ME LOOK GOOD,
WHICH MAKES THE SHOW LOOK GOOD
WHICH MAKES
THE WRITERS LOOK GOOD.
SO HOW COULD THEY BE MAD
ABOUT THAT?
( keyboard keys clattering )
MAKES UP MOST
OF HIS OWN LINES.
SON OF A...
WRITE THIS, JERKWEED.
I FALL DOWN AN ELEVATOR SHAFT?
WHAT THE HELL
DOES THIS MEAN?
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST BRING THE SCRIPTS.
THEY CAN'T KILL ME.
I'M FRANCHESCA'S
LONG-LOST SON!
RIGHT.
COULD YOU SIGN THIS?
NO. NO WAY.
I'M NOT SIGNING THAT.
I DON'T THINK THAT'S GOING
TO AFFECT THE PLOT OF THE SHOW.
HOW CAN THEY DO THIS TO ME?
ALL RIGHT, I'M JUST GOING TO GO.
SORRY.
WELL, IT WASN'T
THAT MANY GUYS.
IF YOU CONSIDER HOW MANY
GUYS THERE ACTUALLY ARE
IT'S A VERY
SMALL PERCENTAGE.
HEY, IT'S NOT
THAT BIG A DEAL.
I WAS JUST CURIOUS.
GOOD NIGHT.
GOOD NIGHT, RICHARD.
GOOD LUCK, MON.
BEFORE I TELL YOU
WHY DON'T YOU TELL ME
HOW MANY WOMEN
YOU'VE BEEN WITH.
TWO.
TWO? TWO?
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?
I MEAN, HAVE YOU SEEN YOU?
WELL, WHAT CAN I SAY?
I WAS MARRIED TO BARBARA
FOR 30 YEARS.
SHE WAS MY HIGH SCHOOL
SWEETHEART.
NOW YOU.
THAT'S TWO.
TWO IT IS.
OKAY, TIME FOR BED.
I'M GOING TO GO
BRUSH MY TEETH.
WHOA, WHOA,
NOW, WAIT A MINUTE, NOW.
COME ON,
IT'S YOUR TURN.
OH, COME ON.
YOU KNOW, I DON'T NEED
THE ACTUAL NUMBER
JUST A BALLPARK.
OKAY, IT IS DEFINITELY
LESS THAN A BALLPARK.
WOW, I AM SO GLAD
I'M NOT MONICA RIGHT NOW.
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
SO WHAT'S YOUR
MAGIC NUMBER?
AH...
COME ON, YOU KNOW
EVERYONE I'VE BEEN WITH.
ALL BOTH OF THEM.
WELL, THERE'S YOU...
BETTER NOT BE
DOING THESE IN ORDER.
OKAY, BILLY DRESKIN...
PETE CARNEY...
BARRY...
AND UH... OH, PAOLO.
OH, YES, THE WIENIE
FROM TURINI.
OH, HONEY, ARE YOU
JEALOUS OF PAOLO?
OH, COME ON, I'M SO MUCH
HAPPIER WITH YOU
THAN I EVER WAS WITH HIM.
REALLY?
OH, PLEASE.
THAT PAOLO THING WAS
BARELY A RELATIONSHIP.
ALL IT REALLY WAS
WAS, YOU KNOW,
MEANINGLESS ANIMAL SEX.
OKAY, YOU KNOW, THAT SOUNDED
SO MUCH BETTER IN MY HEAD.
EDDIE, I DIDN'T SLEEP
WITH YOUR EX-GIRLFRIEND.
SOMEONE WHO SLEPT
WITH HER WOULD SAY THAT.
THIS IS NUTS. THIS IS CRAZY.
SHE CAME OVER
FOR, LIKE, TWO MINUTES
DROPPED OFF A FISH TANK
AND LEFT-- END OF STORY.
WHERE'S BUDDY?
BUDDY?
MY FISH, BUDDY.
THERE WAS NO FISH
WHEN SHE DROPPED IT OFF.
THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE.
YOU SLEEP
WITH MY EX-GIRLFRIEND.
THEN YOU INSULT MY INTELLIGENCE
BY LYING ABOUT IT
AND THEN YOU KILL MY FISH?
HEY, I DIDN'T
KILL YOUR FISH.
LOOK, EDDIE...
WOULD YOU LOOK AT
WHAT I'M DOING HERE.
NOW THAT CAN'T BE SMART.
SO WE'RE JUST GOING TO TAKE
THIS GUY RIGHT OFF YOU
AND PUT HIM HERE
IN MR. POCKET.
TANGELO?
THAT'S IT? THAT'S
THE GIANT NUMBER
YOU WERE AFRAID
TO TELL ME?
WELL, YEAH.
WELL, THAT'S
NOT BAD AT ALL.
YOU HAD ME THINKING
IT WAS LIKE A... FLEET.
ARE YOU REALLY OKAY WITH IT?
OH, HONEY, I'M FINE.
OH, YAY.
( sighing relief )
OKAY, ABOUT
THAT TWO...
WHAT?
ALL RIGHT.
WHAT ABOUT MY TWO?
WELL, THAT JUST SEEMS
LIKE A REALLY SMALL NUMBER.
RIGHT.
AND..?
WELL, DON'T YOU HAVE
A LOT OF WILD OATS TO SOW?
OR IS THAT WHAT
YOU'RE DOING WITH ME?
OH, MY GOD!
AM I AN OAT?
OH, HONEY, YOU ARE NOT AN OAT.
I-I MEAN, I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS I'M JUST NOT...
AN OAT GUY.
I'VE ONLY SLEPT WITH WOMEN
I'VE BEEN IN LOVE WITH.
BUT YOU'VE ONLY SLEPT
WITH TWO PEOPLE.
( sighs )
RIGHT.
WOW.
OH, WOW.
YOU KNOW
I LOVE YOU, TOO, RIGHT?
( sighs )
NOW I DO.
OH! ROSS...
PLEASE LISTEN TO ME.
YOU ARE SO MUCH BETTER
FOR ME THAN PAOLO EVER WAS.
YOU CARE ABOUT ME, YOU'RE LOVING
YOU MAKE ME LAUGH...
IF I MAKE YOU LAUGH,
HERE'S AN IDEA:
WHY DON'T YOU INVITE PAOLO OVER
TO HAVE A LITTLE ROMP
IN THE SACK
AND I'LL JUST STAND
IN THE CORNER
AND TELL
KNOCK-KNOCK
JOKES?
STOP! GOD!
ROSS, WHAT YOU
AND I HAVE
IS SPECIAL.
ALL PAOLO AND I EVER HAD WAS...
ANIMAL SEX? ANIMAL SEX?
( groans )
SO, WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
YOU'RE SAYING THAT, LIKE
THERE'S NOTHING BETWEEN US
ANIMAL AT ALL?
I MEAN, THERE'S NOT EVEN, LIKE,
UM... A LITTLE ANIMAL?
NOT EVEN... NOT EVEN, LIKE,
LIKE... CHIPMUNK SEX?
OKAY, ROSS,
TRY TO HEAR ME, OKAY?
HEY, I'M NOT GOING
TO LIE TO YOU, OKAY?
IT WAS GOOD
WITH PAOLO...
KNOCK, KNOCK.
BUT...
WHAT YOU AND I HAVE
IS SO MUCH BETTER, OKAY?
WE HAVE TENDERNESS.
WE HAVE INTIMACY.
WE CONNECT.
YOU KNOW, I SWEAR
THIS IS THE BEST
I HAVE EVER HAD.
UNTIL NOW.
OH, DON'T!
OH, HI.
HI.
RICHARD JUST TOLD
ME HE LOVED ME.
OH, MY GOD!
I KNOW.
HONEY, THAT'S GREAT!
I JUST CAN'T FIND...
THEY'RE IN
THE TOP DRAWER.
HURRY.
YOU NEED ONE TOO?
OH... YEAH.
I FOUND THEM!
THERE'S ONLY ONE.
MONICA?
HI.
BE RIGHT THERE.
WE'RE JUST, UM.. TRYING
TO DECIDE SOMETHING.
RACHEL?
( growling )
( stops growling )
HEY.
THEY'RE JUST TRYING
TO DECIDE SOMETHING.
OH, GOOD.
GOOD, GOOD.
SO, IS, UM... WAS YOUR MUSTACHE
DID-DID IT USE TO BE DIFFERENT?
NO.
OH.
HOW DO YOU, YOU KNOW,
KEEP IT SO NEAT?
I HAVE A LITTLE COMB.
OH.
AND WHAT DO YOU CALL THAT?
A MUSTACHE COMB.
INTERESTING.
OKAY, I-I WILL DO
YOUR LAUNDRY FOR ONE MONTH.
NO!
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY!
I WILL-I WILL-I WILL...
HEY, I WILL CLEAN THE
APARTMENT FOR TWO MONTHS.
I'LL GIVE THIS
TO YOU NOW
IF YOU CAN TELL ME WHERE
WE KEEP THE DUSTPAN.
( grunting )
SO, WERE YOU
IN 'NAM?
ROCK, PAPER,
SCISSORS?
I GOT YOU.
Both:
ONE, TWO, THREE.
YES!
( groans )
FINE. GO HAVE SEX.
THANK YOU.
Richard:
NO! YOU HAVE GOT IT
COMPLETELY WRONG.
JOHN SAVAGE
WAS DEER HUNTER, NO LEGS.
JON VOIGHT WAS COMING HOME,
COULDN'T FEEL HIS LEGS.
NO WAY.
YOU'VE GOT IT TOTALLY
THE OTHER WAY
AROUND, MY FRIEND.
JON VOIGHT...
HONEY.
WHAT?
( clears throat )
( growls )
SHALL WE?
IT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN.
THEY'RE DOING IT TONIGHT.
WE CAN DO IT TOMORROW.
UH, IN THE FUTURE, IF I COULD
SEE THE SCHEDULE BEFOREHAND...
SO, WHEN I WOKE UP
THIS MORNING
HE'D STOLEN ALL THE INSOLES
OUT OF MY SHOES.
WHY?
BECAUSE HE THINKS I SLEPT
WITH HIS EX-GIRLFRIEND
AND KILLED HIS FISH.
WHY WOULD YOU
KILL HIS FISH?
BECAUSE SOMETIMES, PHOEBE,
AFTER YOU SLEEP WITH SOMEONE
YOU HAVE TO KILL A FISH.
CHANDLER, HONEY,
I'M SORRY.
CAN WE WATCH JOEY'S
SHOW NOW, PLEASE?
YEAH.
HE'S NOT HERE YET.
SO? HE'S ON THE SHOW.
HE KNOWS WHAT HAPPENS.
OH, I'M FINE ABOUT
MY PROBLEM NOW, BY THE WAY.
OH, GOOD.
Amber...
I want you to know that
I will always be there for you--
as a friend
and as your brother.
Oh, Drake.
Man:
What a day, huh?
FIRST, THE MEDICAL
AWARD, NOW THIS.
YEAH, SOME GUYS
ARE JUST LUCKY, I GUESS.
P.A.:
Dr. Ramoray, report
to first floor Emergency, stat.
( whimpers )
WELL, THEN, UH...
I, UH... GUESS
THAT'S ME.
ANYONE ELSE NEED TO GO
ON THE ELEVATOR?
DR. HORTON?
DR. WONG?
NO, NO.
THEY ONLY SAID YOU.
WELL, OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
I LOVE YOU, DRAKE.
YEAH, WHATEVER.
OH, NO!
DRAKE! LOOK OUT!
DRAKE!
( screaming )
( still screaming )
DID THEY JUST
KILL OFF JOEY?
NO.
( loud thud )
( screaming stops )
NOW, MAYBE.
Ross:
COME ON! OPEN UP!
WE WANT TO TALK
TO YOU.
I DON'T FEEL LIKE TALKING.
Rachel:
COME ON, JOEY.
WE CARE ABOUT YOU.
Chandler:
WE'RE WORRIED
ABOUT YOU.
Monica:
AND SOME OF US
REALLY HAVE TO PEE.
SORRY, JOEY.
HEY...
LISTEN, SORRY
ABOUT YOUR DEATH.
THAT REALLY SUCKS.
WE CAME OVER
AS SOON AS WE SAW.
HOW COULD YOU
NOT TELL US?
I DON'T KNOW.
I WAS... KIND OF HOPING
NO ONE WOULD EVER FIND OUT.
WELL, MAYBE THEY
COULD FIND A WAY
TO BRING YOU BACK.
NAH. THEY SAID
THAT WHEN THEY FOUND MY BODY
MY BRAIN WAS SO SMASHED IN
THAT THE ONLY DOCTOR
WHO COULD HAVE SAVED ME WAS ME.
THAT'S SUPPOSED TO BE
SOME KIND OF IRONY OR SOMETHING.
BUT, JOEY, YOU'RE
GOING TO BE FINE.
YOU DON'T NEED THAT SHOW.
IT WAS JUST
A DUMB SOAP OPERA.
PHOEBE, THIS WAS THE GREATEST
THING THAT EVER HAPPENED TO ME.
YES. I WAS GOING
TO INCORPORATE THAT.
OH, GOOD.
HERE'S MONICA.
SHE'LL HAVE
SOMETHING NICE TO SAY.
UM, I STRAIGHTENED OUT
YOUR SHOWER CURTAIN
SO YOU WON'T GET MILDEW.
WHAT? TO ME, THAT'S NICE.
IT'S GOING TO BE OKAY.
YOU KNOW THAT.
NO, I DON'T.
IT'S LIKE, YOU KNOW, YOU WORK
YOUR WHOLE LIFE FOR SOMETHING
AND YOU THINK
THAT WHEN YOU GET IT
IT'S NEVER GOING TO BE AS GOOD
AS YOU THOUGHT IT WOULD BE
BUT THIS SO WAS.
YOU KNOW,
IT CHANGED EVERYTHING.
LIKE, THE OTHER DAY I GOT
THIS CREDIT CARD APPLICATION
AND I WAS PRE-APPROVED.
I'VE NEVER BEEN PRE-APPROVED
FOR ANYTHING IN MY LIFE.
I'M SORRY, MAN.
YEAH. JOEY, HONEY,
I DON'T KNOW
IF THIS WILL MEAN
ANYTHING TO YOU
BUT YOU'LL ALWAYS BE
PRE-APPROVED WITH US.
NO, THAT MEANS NOTHING TO ME.
( gasps )
PECAN SANDIE? JUST MADE THEM.
YEAH, ALL RIGHT.
WHAT ARE THESE,
RAISINS?
UH... SURE. WHY NOT?
LISTEN, EDDIE, UH...
( clears throat )
I'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT
OUR CURRENT LIVING SITUATION
AND, UH... WHY ARE YOU SMILING?
I GOT A LITTLE SURPRISE.
LOOK, I GOT US
A NEW FISHIE.
I NAMED HIM, UH...
"CHANDLER," YOU KNOW,
AFTER... AFTER YOU.
WELL, THAT'S NOT EVEN
A REAL FISH.
YOU KNOW,
THAT'S A GOLDFISH CRACKER.
SO, WHAT'S YOUR
POINT, MAN?
OKAY, GOOD NIGHT...
YOU BIG, FREAK OF NATURE.
( door closes )
( gasping )
HEY.
OOH.
BRISK TONIGHT.
OH, MAN.
LET'S NEVER SPEAK
OF THIS.
YOU GOT IT.
Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]